# Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information that Azimuth1, Inc. and/or its affiliates ("Azimuth1," “we,” "us," and "our") collect (A) when you use any of our websites, APIs or other online services (collectively, our “Services”),
including third-party products and services that integrate with our Services, and (B) when you use third-party websites and applications that cite this Privacy Policy to provide us with feedback,
event or shipping-related information (collectively, our “Vendors”).

This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it, and your options regarding our collection and use of that data.

Corporate Accounts: If your account with us lists a corporate email address (a “Corporate Email”), then all references to “you” in this Privacy Policy shall also include the person or legal entity that controls the Corporate Email
(for example, a person whose email is name@azimuth1.com.com would be considered a Corporate Account of Azimuth1). If you don’t want your account to be a Corporate Account, you should use a personal non-corporate email address.
For clarification, commonly known personal email account services (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook) are not Corporate Email.

## Information We Collect
- Account Information: If you sign up for or an account or join an existing corporate account, we may collect information that you provide to us in connection with setting up the account, such as your username, name, email address and, for corporate accounts, your role. Further, in the course of using your account, you may provide us with additional information through your communications with us.‍
- Payment Information: Payment is required for some of our Services, and we may ask you to provide certain information, including your name, address, email, and credit card information (collectively, “Payment Information”), in connection with processing your transactions. You may update your Payment Information through your account. All credit card processing for our Services is handled directly by our third-party PCI-certified payment provider, Stripe (and any information you provide to Stripe is governed by its privacy policy). Your Payment Information is encrypted and transmitted directly and securely to Stripe via HTTPS, and is not stored on our systems.‍
- Information from Third Parties: We may receive information related to your use of our Vendor websites and services, including your username, name, email address, shipping address and your interaction with our Vendor. Common examples include signing up for an event or requesting shipment of a product from us. From time to time, we may also receive contact enrichment information from third parties.
- Website Logs and Cookies: Whenever you visit or interact with our website, we automatically collect certain information about your browser and your interaction with our website, including (a) IP address, (b) browser and device type, (c) operating system, (d) referring web page, (e) the date and time of page visits, and (f) the pages accessed on our websites. We also use cookies and similar technologies to recognize and improve your use of our websites and, for accounts a user authenticated into, to retain records associated with each user, and you will not be able to access certain parts of our websites, including those that require a login, unless your device accepts cookies from us. You can find out more information about the cookies on our website and managing your browser’s cookie preferences for our website here.
- APIs and SDKs: We automatically collect certain technical information through our APIs and SDKs, including (a) IP address, (b) device and browser information, (c) operating system, (d) the content of the request, (e) the date and time of the request, (f) limited usage data, and (g) for our mobile SDKs, limited location data. We delete IP addresses after 30 days. In addition, when a mobile application uses our SDKs, it may send us certain limited location and usage data along with an ephemeral ID. This ephemeral ID changes hourly and we do not associate it or the unprocessed mobile location data with any personally identifying information, including names, permanent IDs, email addresses, IP addresses, or phone numbers. We also collect randomly-generated IDs for the limited purpose of analyzing the use of our APIs and SDKs, including the number of active users. We will delete the randomly generated IDs and the content of requests made to our APIs after 5 years.‍
- Hosted Data: In using your account, you may upload data to us via Azimuth1 Studio, Azimuth1 Studio Classic, our Dataset API or our Upload API ("Hosted Data") so that Azimuth1 can host it for you as part of providing our Services. We delete Hosted Data upon your request, however, due to our highly available, distributed implementation of our hosting solution, artifacts of Hosted Data may remain on Azimuth1 systems after you delete the file in your account. We will delete those artifacts in accordance with our standard platform maintenance practices after we either receive a specific request from you to delete the Hosted Data artifacts (along with sufficient information to identify which data you want to ensure are deleted) or we receive a request from you to delete your account.‍
- Feedback: You and/or your end users may provide us with feedback regarding our Services (e.g., in the form of email, suggestions for how to improve our products, etc).

## How We Use the Information We Collect

- Account Information: We use the account information we collect to provide our Services to you, to maintain your accounts, and to process your transactions. This information is necessary for us to provide the Services to you. We may combine account information with data we receive from other sources. We also may use certain information, such as your email address, to help you by telling you about new Azimuth1 products or features that may be of interest to you and by providing you with examples of how Azimuth1 products and services can be used. We have a legitimate interest in improving and marketing our Services. If you receive promotional emails from Azimuth1, you can opt out by following the instructions in those emails.‍
- Payment Information: We use payment information solely for billing purposes, which is necessary to provide the Services.‍
- Information from Third Parties: We may use the information you provide to our Vendors in connection with the event or transaction (including shipments and deliveries), to improve our Services, and to provide you with information about our Services and/or the event or transaction. In addition, from time to time we obtain data from contact enrichment providers for sales and marketing purposes. We have a legitimate interest in improving and marketing our Services and certain data collection is necessary in order to provide the Services. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time.‍
- Website Logs and Cookies: We use cookies, website logs and other similar data and technologies (i) to preserve information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or on subsequent visits to our site; (ii) to maintain sessions for authenticated users; (iii) to monitor metrics about our site such as the number of visitors and pages viewed; (iv) for internal diagnostic and analytic purposes (v) to improve our website and the services we provide, and (vi) to market our Services to you. We may combine this data with information we receive from other sources. We have a legitimate interest in improving and marketing our Services and certain data collection is necessary in order to provide the Services. ‍
- APIs and SDKs: We use the data collected through our APIs and SDKs (1) for internal diagnostic and analytic purposes (2) to improve our mapping products and services (3) to provide our Services to end users of our customers and (4) to generate aggregated and anonymized usage statistics. We have a legitimate interest in improving our Services and certain data collection is necessary in order to provide the Services. You can find more information specifically about how we secure and use location data on our telemetry page.‍
- Hosted Data: We use Hosted Data to provide our Services to you.‍
- Feedback: We may use the feedback that you provide for any purpose, including improving our Services. We have a legitimate interest in improving our Services for the benefit of all of our users.

## When We Share the Information We Collect With Third Parties
- In General: We are a global company and may transfer your information outside of the country where you live. However, we will not transfer personal information outside of the European Union unless the recipient is subject to suitable contractual safeguards to ensure that the personal information is processed in accordance with EU law. For more information, please email us at privacy@Azimuth1.com.‍
- Account Information and Information from Third Parties: We may share your account information and information we receive from third parties with our service providers (e.g., hosted infrastructure providers) who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf.‍
- Payment Information: We may disclose Payment Information to (a) our payment provider, Stripe, as described above in the “Information We Collect” section, (b) billing and accounting service providers acting on our behalf and (c) in connection with “Rare and Limited Disclosures” described below.‍
- Website Logs and Cookies: We share information about your device and interaction with our website with our service providers that host our website and provide marketing and analytics services to us. Certain marketing and analytics services that integrate directly into our website may collect information about your device, browser, and interaction with our websites (including by placing third-party cookies on your browser or other similar technologies). We do not control how these third parties use or share this information, which is subject to their privacy policies. You can find out more information about the cookies on our website and managing your browser’s cookie preferences for our website here.
- APIs and SDKs: If provided, we only share raw location data with our hosted infrastructure service providers. We share other data collected through your use of our APIs and SDKs with our hosted infrastructure and internal analytics service providers. In limited situations, we may also share API log data associated with a specific customer's account with that customer for the purpose of resolving billing questions. We also may share aggregated and anonymized usage statistics with other third parties.‍
- Hosted Data: We use third parties to store, process and deliver the Hosted Data as directed by you (e.g., AWS, Cloudfront, Google Cloud). We may share the Hosted Data with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We do not otherwise disclose Hosted Data except as directed by you or as described below in “Rare and Limited Disclosure”.‍
- Feedback: We may share your feedback with third parties, including our third-party suppliers and partners who help us provide the Services.‍
- Rare and Limited Disclosures: We may share information in our possession in response to a request if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process. For more information, see “Law Enforcement and Transparency,” below.
Furthermore, we may share information in our possession if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to our platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Azimuth1, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Finally, we may also share the information we collect in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company. We may also share information among our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.

## Your Choices About What We Do with the Information We Collect
‍- Account and Payment Information: Certain account information is optional, and you may choose not to provide it to Azimuth1. Note that some of this account and payment information is necessary for related Services to function properly – for example, if you do not provide payment information, you cannot take advantage of features that require payment.‍
- Website Logs and Cookies: You may delete cookies from your computer, and most browsers provide the option to block cookies. Note that if you block cookies placed by us (first party cookies), portions of our Services, including our website, may not work as intended. However, your access to our websites should not be affected if you disable third-party cookies placed by third parties that manage marketing and analytics aspects of our website. You can find out more information about the cookies on our website and managing your browser’s cookie preferences for our website here.
- APIs and SDKs: If you are an end user of a product or service that integrates our Services, your privacy options will be largely determined by the developer of the product or service. In addition to any privacy options that the developer may have provided you with, you may also be able to control the applications that can collect information about your precise location by using the settings available on your device, including opting out of collection of telemetry data.
- Questions. If you have any questions about how to limit the disclosure and/or use of your personal information to us, please email us at privacy@Azimuth1.com.

## Your Access to and Control of the Information We Collect
- In General: If you believe that information about you has been processed in violation of this Privacy Policy, applicable law, or, for transfers before July 16, 2020, the Privacy Shield Principles (see “U.S.-EU Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield” below), please email us at privacy@Azimuth1.com. In accordance with applicable law, your privacy rights may include the following: (i) access personal information about you including: (a) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (b) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information; and (c) receiving an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”), (ii) request correction of your personal information where it is incomplete or inaccurate, (iii) request deletion of your personal information, (iv) request restriction or object to the processing of your personal information, and (v) withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information.
- Account Information, Hosted Data, and Payment Information: You may exercise your privacy rights with respect to certain account information in the account pages we’ve made available to you, and you may exercise your privacy rights over other Account Information, Hosted Data or Payment Information that you have provided to us at any time by emailing us at privacy@Azimuth1.com. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at privacy@Azimuth1.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or to protect our rights and property.‍
- Non-account Information: If we have non-account information about you, such as your email address on our newsletter list, you may exercise your privacy rights with respect to this information. However, we may not be able to verify your identity for purposes of processing your request, as we do not have sufficient information to adequately verify your request if you do not have an account. To unsubscribe from our newsletter, please follow the instructions in the emails that you receive from us.
- Website Logs, Cookies, APIs and SDKs: We temporarily retain IP addresses for security and accounting purposes. Given the temporary nature of this storage, it is generally not feasible for us to provide access to IP addresses or the logs associated with them.‍
- Feedback: You may request that we update, correct or delete any feedback that you have provided to us by emailing us at privacy@Azimuth1.com, however we may have deleted or anonymized the feedback you had previously provided to us in a way that makes it infeasible for us to associate a particular piece of feedback with a particular user.

Your privacy rights under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA)

**California consumers have the following privacy rights:**

to not receive discriminatory treatment by Azimuth1 for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by the CCPA;
to request to know the personal information Azimuth1 has about you. You may access personal information associated with your Azimuth1 account, such as username, email address, and associated account activity by logging into your Azimuth1 account; and
to request deletion of your personal information collected or maintained by Azimuth1; and
to designate an authorized agent to make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information on your behalf.
In order to submit a request to exercise your privacy rights, you may do one or more of the following:

If you have a Azimuth1 account, login to your Azimuth1 account, go to Settings, and click “Delete account” and follow the instructions. By logging into your account, Azimuth1 can verify that you are the account holder. If you do not login to your Azimuth1 account to make this request, information associated with your Azimuth1 account will not be deleted, as we are not able to sufficiently verify your identity.
You may, without logging into your Azimuth1 account, request deletion of your email address and associated personal information (if any) through this form. Azimuth1 will email you a confirmation link at the email you provide in order to verify the request. You must click on the confirmation link in the verification email Azimuth1 sends you to verify the email belongs to you before Azimuth1 can process your request. A request through this form will only request to delete personal information from non-account-related sources (such as our newsletter email list). To delete account-related information, you must login to your Azimuth1 account to verify your identity.
If you believe Azimuth1 has any personal information about you that is not account-related and not an email address and associated information, please email Azimuth1 at privacy@Azimuth1.com describing in detail the information you believe Azimuth1 has and how you believe Azimuth1 obtained it. Please note that without an email address, it may not be possible for Azimuth1 to verify your identity to a reasonable degree of certainty to locate or delete any information.
Alternatively, you may call 1 (833) 732-4082 and leave a voicemail requesting deletion of personal information. In your voicemail, leave your email address, if you have one. You must still complete the verification steps described above in order for Azimuth1 to verify your identity.
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Azimuth1 has collected about them and whether Azimuth1 disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months.

The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above in the sections Information We Collect, How We Use the Information We Collect, and When We Share the Information We Collect With Third Parties.

For purposes of the CCPA, Azimuth1 does not "sell" personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any "sale" of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. You may complete this form to opt out of the disclosure of your personal information to third parties that are not our service providers. (If you also want to opt out of third-party cookies on our website, you can do so using your browser’s cookie preferences. More information is available here.)

If you wish to print this policy, please do so from your web browser or by saving the page as a PDF.

## Law Enforcement and Transparency
‍- In General: Although we acknowledge that government sometimes must act to protect citizens' safety and security, we strongly believe that current laws regulating surveillance of individuals and access to user information need to be reformed. We have signed the Stop Watching Us petition and support the principles of the Reform Government Surveillance open letter to Congress.

We post anonymized information about all law enforcement requests in our transparency report. Azimuth1 has never received a national security letter, FISA court order, or any other classified request for user information. If we ever receive such a request, we will review it carefully and make sure it follows the law (including the Fourth Amendment). If we believe a request is overly broad, we will seek to narrow it.

If we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency involving the danger of death or severe physical injury, we may disclose limited information necessary to prevent that harm.‍
‍
- Account Information, Hosted Data, Store Data and Payment Information: We require a subpoena or court order to provide information about your account, such as the name associated with the account, means of payment, and length of service. If we are ever forced to share identifiable information about you, we'll notify you with the full details of the request before we disclose it unless we are legally prohibited from doing so by law or court order.‍
- Website Logs, Cookies, APIs and Mobile SDKs: We will only disclose information collected through our Services, including maps and associated data and location information, in response to a subpoena or court order.

## Security
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as described on our Security page. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.

By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.

Children’s Information
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.

If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as described below. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account.

## Other Websites
This privacy policy does not cover APIs and other services available on domains other than Azimuth1.com, including without limitation Azimuth1.cn and Azimuth1.jp, which are instead governed by their respective privacy policies, if any, available therein.

## Contact Us
We'd love to hear any questions, concerns or feedback you might have about this privacy policy. If you have suggestions for us, let us know at privacy@Azimuth1.com.

## Changelog
Nov 30, 2021: Expanded language to include products and services hosted under their own domains.
July 20, 2020: Added additional marketing and analytics services that integrate directly into our website.
